(clock ticking)
(tense music)
-(door opens)
-USHIOH, MIO: Shinpei!
(both panting)
-(heartbeat)
-(quivering)
(muffled gunshot)
(grunts softly)
Shin-chan.
SHINPEI: That rifle shot, it came
from... from outside.
(gasps)
They got to Nezu. How did they...
USHIOH: I didn't sense any shadows.
If a shadow had killed you,
I would've seen it coming.
The bullet must have been real.
Damn it, we should have never
let Nezu be alone.
(thumps)
SHINPEI: He was too far
outside your range,
you'd have never detected him.
This is my fault!
They must've found out that Nezu
was our sniper somehow.
Damn it.
I really thought
they'd want to go right after me.
-(ominous music)
-(gasps)
(rocks rattling)
But wait, doesn't it make way more sense
for them to take you alive?
I mean, you'll just loop, anyway,
won't you? Why kill you?
SHINPEI: They figured it out.
Heine is looping back with me,
I can't escape.
(both gasp)
Remember that the starting point
gets later every time.
I can see it now.
I'm approaching the limit.
(clock ticks)
SHINPEI: The ledge of time...
where I'm standing
is crumbling slowly but surely.
Now, I'm pretty sure I can only loop back
one more time
if I die at the same moment
I did last time.
(theme music)
(clock ticks)
NEZU: So you think
you only have one loop left?
Yes, if this is the limit,
I return to this point every time I die.
SHINPEI:
But now I can't go back past that point,
so this is the new starting point.
TIME - LIMIT: 6:40, DEATH: 7:55
Last time I died, at 7:55 p. m.,
and my starting point was 6:40.
LIMIT: 6:40
So it's like I'm walking forward
from that point
with a slow, deliberate stride,
with no stopping it.
Right now, it's 7:20 p. m.
And the limit is still moving forward.
But the limit can't catch up to me now
since it still moves slower than I do.
But I also think it picks up speed
each time I die.
So if you were to die right now,
when would the next starting point be?
If I were to guess...
I mean, based on my previous times,
maybe a little past seven.
-(Mio gasps)
-Uh, wait.
That was a few minutes ago!
So if I die any earlier than last time,
and my predictions
actually hold any water,
I won't get a ninth loop.
SHINPEI:
While I'm plodding forward in time…
CURRENT LIMIT: 7:02
DEATH: 7:20
…the limit will pass me by.
And then there'd be nothing to go back to.
SHINPEI: That's right.
And I'd fall straight into the void.
(foreboding music)
Wait, wait, are you serious?
You're not making this up,
are you, Shinpei?
He's the observer, he can see everything.
It's gotta be true.
HIZURU: Think of the cliff
he's talking about like an event horizon.
If he falls over the edge into the abyss,
his death is certain.
And the world Heine envisions
will become a reality.
Heine must have realized that
and came to kill you because of it.
That's horrible!
NEZU: Okay, so how did they find me?
SHINPEI: Heine may have figured out
our strategy during the fourth loop.
HIZURU: They must have decided to scan me,
when I was fatally wounded
sometime near the end of the loop,
and then simply read all my memories
leading up to that moment.
How exactly do shadows
exchange information?
Do they show each other
their memories like you do?
Mm-hm, plus, they can write
and talk to each other.
And Heine also uses telepathy.
Shadows experience pseudo-loops
but only in some cases,
if they come in contact with Heine.
Hold on a second.
Data can be passed
from loop to loop, right?
NEZU: Do you think it's possible
they could have copied my rifle?
If so, we need to be careful,
this place isn't safe.
We're fine, don't worry.
A copied item will disappear
if it's too far
from the shadow that printed it.
USHIOH: Copied items can't exist outside
of a 50-meter radius
from the shadow itself.
NEZU: So a bullet from the copied rifle,
no matter where the shooter is,
will have a maximum range of 50 meters.
Then even an unlimited supply
of ammo would be useless.
SHINPEI:
Obviously, the enemy won last time,
but we learned a lot.
This mark here means Heine knows
where I am at all times.
Heine won't miss a chance to come here
and watch me die.
Let's finish this, once and for all.
(clock ticks)
Hm?
NEZU: Shinpei, they're coming
in your direction from the front.
That's quite the entourage
you've got there, Shide.
That's right, and it seems you've managed
to swell your ranks, too, Shinpei.
I don't see them out in the open, though.
They must be hiding out somewhere.
Is this a trap?
I'm not like you.
You're the only one here who cheats.
It's time to stop playing around
and battle face-to-face.
Oh? You sound awfully confident,
I can't imagine why.
It would be our pleasure. Eh? Right, Mioh?
Right.
I expected no less.
God, you're so cool!
(suspenseful music)
Huh?
Hello, Sis.
SHINPEI: If they're after me,
I'll draw them out, I'll be the bait.
He ran away.
What happened to face-to-face?
Ugh! Where are you taking him?
Get back here.
(gunshot)
(gasps)
Shinpei Ajiro, you dirty little rat.
NEZU: That Shide shadow has no weaknesses.
How are we gonna beat that?
What are we gonna do?
SHINPEI: Hurry!
SHADOW SHIORI: Just wait, Mioh.
Ugh!
(gunshots)
SHIDE: Excuse me for a moment.
(thrilling music)
Huh?
-(glass shatters)
-(groans)
Papa, Mama, come with me.
(shadows screeching)
SHADOW SHIO:
We'll go after Shinpei and Ushioh.
You go after the hunter, track him down.
Yes. Yes, I understand, oh, Mother.
(eerie music)
SHINPEI: Ryunosuke!
Keep moving, you two,
I'll take care of this.
Watch our backs.
I know you won't be able
to hear me now, I understand,
but I forgot to tell you
something important. Listen to me.
HIZURU: Thank you.
(thrilling music)
Damn it! It's coming! It's your turn now!
That's my shadow!
I got this one, you guys!
No! Goddamn it.
Uh-huh. I get it. You're all fired up,
but don't make a fool of yourself, okay?
Sorry, Tokiko.
(whines)
TOKIKO: Rosencrantz.
Guildenstern.
(whines)
Time to explode.
But just make sure you do it quietly.
(gunshots)
(yells)
(grunts)
(gunshots)
Hizuru... Hizuru!
Asako.
Go to your left, move.
(gunshot)
(grunts)
That bullet should have hit.
-(gunshot)
-(groans)
I told you he'd take a hit for them.
HIZURU: I see...
Ugh...
HIZURU: It can predict how I move,
and it's always two seconds ahead.
You got that right.
(gunshot)
(gasps)
-(gunshot)
-HIZURU: It's Nezu!
-(cocks gun)
-(gunshots)
-(Shide groans)
-(gunshot)
Damn. That old man
doesn't even need the scope.
SHIDE: He's quite the sharpshooter.
SHADOW SHIORI: Are you okay, Shide?
SHIDE: You need to find a place to hide.
It's dangerous here.
SHADOW SHIORI: For god's sake.
Where's Mioh? What's taking her so long?
(gasps)
SHADOW SHIORI: Tokiko?
Take care of it, Gil.
(shrieking)
SHADOW SHIORI: Stop it!
Tokiko's not the boss of you anymore.
(whimpering)
SHADOW SHIORI: Kill Tokiko now.
Kill Tokiko now!
(Gil shrieks)
(thwacks)
(chuckles)
Uh...
What's wrong, Heine?
My link got cut,
the one connecting me to that stray.
The only one who can do that is...
Ushioh.
Come on, I dare you to come and get me!
Did you do this, huh?
(static)
(gunshots)
(grunts)
Well, they're certainly making this fun
for us, aren't they?
(tense music)
(grunts)
(gasps)
(grunting)
TOKIKO: Wow, what a body, so graceful.
You were always very athletic.
Ah, I'd love to just stand here,
watching you move, but...
(Mioh grunts)
Now, do it!
(grunts)
(music halts)
(light clanks)
SHIDE: You claimed you wanted
to fight us face-to-face.
I guess you lied about that.
It's such a shame.
To think I actually believed you.
I have much too trusting a nature.
I knew you'd go after me,
even if you knew it was a trap
from the start.
You're just that desperate and arrogant!
USHIOH: So you think
you're above all of us?
-(static)
-(gasps)
Shinpei is even higher!
(groans)
(blasts)
(grunts)
That right there's a gas fire.
There's no way they'll get out.
-(Shide screeching)
-(Shadow Shiori crying)
USHIOH: It's working.
They really are vulnerable to fire.
(both screaming)
(grunts)
I'm sorry, Papa, Mama. I know it's hot.
But no need to worry.
I'll be back right after I kill him!
Take this, you giant monster!
-(weapon fires)
-(gasps)
(grunting)
-Uh...
-(static)
SHINPEI: Look at me.
-You underestimated us, Heine!
-(grunts)
This is for Ushio!
(gunshot)
(groans)
(Shadow Shiori groaning)
(Shadow Shiori choking)
(coughing)
(Shadow Shiori gasps)
I got you now.
USHIOH: I'll erase you, okay?
You're going to stop using Shiori's body,
you little phony.
You hear what I said?
(splats)
-SHADOW SHIORI: Please stop.
-(gasps)
Stop. Don't do it. Don't erase me.
You know, I chose this body
for one reason.
SHADOW SHIORI:
So I could go back home as her
and... and be with her family forever.
Heine! Crying won't work on me!
(sobs)
Please don't...
HEINE: Don't erase me.
(grunting)
(Shinpei gasps)
It's... It's still alive?
Oh, my god! No way!
Ushioh!
(whimpering)
Shinpei!
(screaming)
(Shide laughs)
Did you... you really think
you could kill... kill me
with fire, Ushioh?
But... But it can kill you!
You... You... You know, I was thinking.
You and Heine carry the data
into the next loop... loop, right?
That... That means
you'll carry your injuries, too... too,
even your own death!
It will probably take a few minutes
for Shinpei to die this time,
since I made sure not to hit his vitals.
You know, I wonder what would happen
if you died before he does.
I really want to... really want
to see how it...
how it turns out.
SHINPEI: Oh, no.
(Shinpei gasps)
Ushioh!
(gasps)
(groans)
Sorry to ruin your experiment,
but I don't plan on dying!
SHIDE: That was very sly of you.
Somehow I didn't notice you change places.
All I grabbed was
a dummy printed on a single lock of hair.
-(static)
-(warbles)
(Ushioh grunts)
You're not unbeatable!
You're getting erased!
SHINPEI: A human hand.
There's someone inside.
(screaming)
(silence)
(gasps)
Where did the fire go?
(choking)
SHINPEI: I can't breathe... Heine...
What did...
(coughs)
...you do?
(grunts)
(gasps)
(coughing)
What the hell?
(grunting)
SHINPEI: I think they got away.
I was so close to erasing it.
(thuds)
Ushioh!
SHADOW SHIORI: Shide, are you okay?
SHIDE: Yes. I can mold myself
back together.
Where are Papa and Mama?
SHIDE: I know Shinpei is fatally wounded.
It shouldn't be too much longer
before he dies and enters his final loop.
(stomach rumbles)
(groans)
SHADOW SHIORI: I'm very hungry.
SHIDE: Yes, I know.
(panting)
SHINPEI: Ushioh.
USHIOH: It's okay, I'm fine, Shinpei.
I'm just tired from copying so much.
You're bleeding, look at you.
Don't act so tough, just let me help you.
Shinpei.
This blood is just
from all the glass I touched.
You're the one
with the serious wound, look!
Bulletproof vest.
I learned how to make it online.
(gasps)
(sobs)
(Shinpei groans)
SHINPEI: No, no, no, that hurts!
Stop, stop!
(Shinpei grunts)
My shoulder and my side still got hit!
Thank goodness.
(Shinpei gasps)
(somber music)
HIZURU: A fire caused by copied gasoline
and matches is nothing more than data.
Ushioh was able to control
what the flames touched.
It didn't burn us or the building.
So fire works against shadows,
and it instantly kills
the ones made by Shide.
It also seems
to slow Shide down significantly.
Ushioh's hacking helped us learn
that someone is inside Shide's body,
trapped or imprisoned there.
However, Heine scanned the oxygen
in the gym and erased it.
Suddenly, a huge rush
of outside air blew into the building,
and Heine escaped.
Ushioh didn't get
to scan Shide's true identity.
All the air in there... crazy.
We can copy gases and liquids, too.
It just needs to be
in some kind of container, you know?
You copied all the gasoline in that drum,
didn't you, Ushioh?
USHIOH: Mm-hm.
If you consider the gym a container,
it's possible.
(Tetsu sighs)
USHIOH: You know, I hate to say it,
but I don't think I can scan
something that big.
It's impressive.
So close.
Well, we did learn a lot from tonight.
Mm-hm.
USHIOH: Everyone survived.
And that's what really matters.
You're right.
-SHINPEI: Ushioh.
-Huh?
Come on.
Like we planned?
SHINPEI: Yeah.
Let me ask you one more time, Ushioh.
If you cut the link to Heine,
will it really be safe?
I'm sorry, I'm just not sold on this yet.
It worked with Rose and Gill, right?
Mm-hm. I'll tweak its mind a bit.
It'll basically be like me, more or less.
We could kill it right now
and be done with it.
Are you sure, Mio?
Mm-hm. I am. Do it, Sis.
MIO: Make her an ally. We need her.